Update dev branch with latest developments for review (#1)
cs-pub-ro/unikraft-libdruntime: COPYING.md

License
=======

Unikraft D Runtime wrappers
----------------------------------

> This repository contains wrapper code to build lzma with Unikraft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains wrapper code to build the D Runtime with Unikraft.
```

Author: Done
